# ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE

## Introduction

This project aims to share the datasets and codes utilized in the implementation of ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE, an algorithm specifically designed for feature selection from attributed graph data. This implementation is applied to feature selection in two real-world scenarios: analyzing CO2 emissions and homicide rates in Brazil during 2010.

## Folder Structure

.
├── datasets/
│   ├── br_data_census_2010.csv.zip
│   ├── br_data_census_2010_co2_log.csv.zip
│   ├── br_data_census_2010_homicides.csv.zip
│   ├── br_co2_log_2010.csv
│   ├── br_homicides_2010.csv
│   └── filtered_adjacency_matrix_inv.csv.zip
├── codes/
│   ├── k_value_and_statistical_test_co2.ipynb
│   ├── k_value_and_statistical_test_homicides.ipynb
│   ├── attributed_eagle_homicides.ipynb
│   ├── compute_RF_RFE_co2.ipynb
│   ├── compute_RF_RFE_homicides.ipynb
│   └── attributed_eagle_log_co2.ipynb
├── images/
│   └── ... 
├── features_selected_homicides/
│   ├── rf.json
│   ├── rfe.json
│   └── attributed_eagle_hom.json
├── features_selected_co2/
│   ├── rf.json
│   ├── rfe.json
│   ├── attributed_eagle_log_co2_n2.json
│   └── attributed_eagle_log_co2.ipynb
└── pipeline/
    ├── results_co2.zip
    └── results_homicides.zip


## Datasets

The `datasets/` folder contains the following data files:

* `br_co2_log_2010.csv`: Dataset with log-transformed CO2 emission data for Brazil in 2010.
* `br_data_census_2010.csv.zip`: Dataset containing Brazilian census data from 2010.
* `br_data_census_2010_co2_log.csv.zip`: Dataset combining Brazilian census data from 2010 with log-transformed CO2 emission data (target variable).
* `br_data_census_2010_homicides.csv.zip`: Dataset combining Brazilian census data from 2010 with absolute Brazilian homicide rates from 2010 (target variable).
* `br_homicides_2010.csv`: Dataset with absolute Brazilian homicide rates for 2010.
* `filtered_adjacency_matrix_inv.csv`: Inverse adjacency matrix.

## Usage

Key Notebooks:
* k_value_and_statistical_test_co2.ipynb: This notebook performs the analysis of K-value and statistical tests for CO2 prediction. It processes pre-computed results located in pipeline/results_co2 (derived from the EF-FS_Pipeline: https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline) to generate K-curves and statistical test outcomes.
* k_value_and_statistical_test_homicides.ipynb: This notebook performs the analysis of K-value and statistical tests for homicide prediction. It processes pre-computed results located in pipeline/results_homicides (derived from the EF-FS_Pipeline: https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline) to generate K-curves and statistical test outcomes.
* attributed_eagle_homicides.ipynb: This notebook implements and evaluates ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE for homicide prediction. Feature selection is performed using ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE, and the pre-processed folds in the pipeline directory already incorporate these features, eliminating the need to run the EF-FS_Pipeline:https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline separately.
* compute_RF_RFE_co2.ipynb: This notebook computes and evaluates Random Forest (RF) and Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE) for CO2 prediction. Feature selection with RF and RFE is performed, and the pre-processed folds in the pipeline directory already incorporate these features, eliminating the need to run the EF-FS_Pipeline: https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline separately.
* compute_RF_RFE_homicides.ipynb: This notebook computes and evaluates Random Forest (RF) and Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE) for homicide prediction. Feature selection with RF and RFE is performed, and the pre-processed folds in the pipeline directory already incorporate these features, eliminating the need to run the EF-FS_Pipeline: https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline separately.
* attributed_eagle_log_co2.ipynb: This notebook implements and evaluates ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE for log CO2 prediction. Feature selection with ATTRIBUTED_EAGLE is performed, and the pre-processed folds in the pipeline directory already incorporate these features, eliminating the need to run the EF-FS_Pipeline: https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline separately.


## Results

The `results_co2/` and `results_homicides/` folders within the `pipeline/` directory store the outcomes of the predictive models generated by the execution of https://github.com/tpinhoda/EF-FS_Pipeline


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for improvements or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

